Updates custom plugin documentation for clarity (#963)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: docs/guides/setting-up-custom-plugins.md

konghq.com/plugins: my-custom-plugin
```

Please ensure that the `KongPlugin` custom resource is created in the same namespace 
as the one in which the Ingress or Service to be annotated is going to be installed.

Note that any environmental variables that your plugin requires should be added to 
the `config` section `header_value`. If no environmental variables are used, this

> section can be omitted from the custom resource definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section can be omitted from the `KongPlugin` resource.
```

"custom resource definition" is not right here - "custom resource" would've been right; `KongPlugin` is more direct :)
